chore: update native dependencies (#230)
capawesome-team/capacitor-mlkit: .changeset/wet-crabs-share.md

---

> '@capacitor-mlkit/barcode-scanning': patch
> '@capacitor-mlkit/face-detection': patch
> '@capacitor-mlkit/selfie-segmentation': patch
> '@capacitor-mlkit/translation': patch
> ---
> 
> chore: increment native dependencies in packages to the latest version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@capacitor-mlkit/barcode-scanning': major
'@capacitor-mlkit/face-detection': major
'@capacitor-mlkit/selfie-segmentation': major
'@capacitor-mlkit/translation': major
---

chore(deps): update the ML Kit SDK to the latest version
```
